negatives
1) Cheap. I do not mean inexpensive. I mean Cheap. low quality. USB issues, will not communicate with PC and often loses connection leading to plug and unplug during use. broken keys. WASD gone already. couple months use and they stick. im in my 50s and a causal gamer. so low hours of use and the paint is gone over the WASD and they stick. kickstand legs, yup they broke. Spacebar.... dont even get me started, cannot play dead by daylight with this keyboard. all in all a regrettable purchase.


positive
1) Three different color modes that shine through to illuminate the keys is awesome especially when trying to see late at night without disturbing others ..The breathing option is really cool too it goes bright with one color and fades out then comes back slowly with a different set of colors it almost does seem like the keyboard is taking a breath by the transitioning of light. The built in drainage holes to help safeguard again spill damage is a plus seeing as that's why I needed a new computer to begin with admittedly..Only one problem that I have with is is the corners of the buttons are more sharp than I'm use to.


neutral
1) Bought this to replace (basically) a ripped out laptop keyboard that work sent me. It works well and much easier to use.  Light presets are pretty, I use the last one as the first two aren't my style and are pretty much the same. However, even on the brightest setting, they're not bright enough. It might be just because I'm used to a Corsair for my gaming and daily typing but I specifically wanted an led one because the screens shines brightly onto my keyboard, and it's quite dark at my workspace. When using the keyboard I cannot even see the top half because the LEDs are not placed in the proper place for it to light up the whole keyboard.  Get what you pay for I suppose, would do for a first gaming keyboard or a child that's getting into gaming, as it is cheap to replace.

content based
'Guillow Airplane Design Studio with Travel Case Building Kit'
'Stephen Joseph Foam Bath Toy, Mermaid'
'PLAYABLE ART Ball, Spectrum 12'
'Razor Drift Rider - Red/Black - 20111917'
'Pacific Play Tent Agility Dog Training Chute'
